Add release note for opcache flush option (#8240)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/release-notes/ece-release-notes.md

## v2002.1.4
*Release date: {{ site.data.var.ece-release-date }}*<br/>

> - {:.new}Added support for the `opcache.enable_cli` PHP option to flush the opcache before running the deploy hook. This configuration resets the cache configuration and ensures that the current configuration settings are applied on each deployment.<!--MCLOUD-7015-->

Author: ```suggestion
- {:.new}Added support for the `opcache.enable_cli` PHP option to flush the opcache before running the deploy hook. This configuration resets the cache configuration to ensure that the current configuration settings are applied on each deployment.<!--MCLOUD-7015-->
```
